---
layout: post
title: 'HypeM'
quote: "Aggregate playlists."
date: 2015-04-16
categories: [music]
---

# Best of the Blogs

The aggregate playlists of niche blogs seem to work right. What I get is trending songs that really know how to please the crowd. It sounds simple, but the execution is all that matters.

I frequent this site to pick up new songs, a good number of them are remixes. They take the good songs, ones that would really fit a synth lover's taste. I found some of my favorite artists here:

1. CHVRCHES
2. Jon Hopkins
3. Blondfire
4. Purity Ring
5. Hopium


# Culture

We have small blogs like Pitchfork, Bandcamp that are solid. And we have user ratings that fetches the songs out of that pool. The 'loves' feature in HypeM is a basic upvote button. I love a particular song and that song gets added to my long list of favorites. This becomes somewhat like a favorites playlist of the weekly blog favorites.

I really dig the remixes and covers HypeM features, it was the first way it introduced me to new artists.

# Nostalgia Trip

How often do you get to listen to the first song that you loved on a site? I couldn't remember mine, but at least HypeM does. I sorted my favorites by oldest songs, and I start playing White Leather by Wolf Alice. It was chill.

Then I went on a music trip because it was like a good memory. At the time, I would listen to my recent favorites non-stop that their rhythm was part of me. And listening to them They even have dates on them, if I had a diary I would have a soundtrack to my history.


# Just Works

Soundcloud hosts the audio files, so the site is snappy. Transitions are roughyly a second long, wish there was a crossfade feature.

# Intuitive

Green and Black define music's color scheme for the streaming era. HypeM has the right UI to get a user playing around with music controls. Hotkeys are also easy to get used to, being a laptop junky.

# Fun

Discovering songs RIGHT before they hit mainstream is cool, and HypeM gets it. They follow a list of [blogs] that cater to particular genres.





[blogs]:http://hypem.com/blogs
